# PortefolioManager

This is a Qt based manager for my portfolio.
<a href="https://arthur-joly.fr">https://arthur-joly.fr</a>

### Usage
- start  PortefolioManager.exe
- login with 
	+ username: test
	+ password: test
- wait for the preview on the right side to load
- click on any project

#### Adding new content to a project
Note : the preview is free but the sending fonctionnality is only available for administrators.
- ensure the preview on the right side is on a project page (not the list of projects)
- edit the TextEdit on the left side
- preview the changes using the menu Preview->Refresh or the shortcut F5
- use the menu Preview->SendContent to send the content of the TextEdit over to the actual web site. 

#### Formatting the content
- Use the button Bold (CTRL+B) to surround the selected text with <b></b> tags.
- Use the button Italic (CTRL+I) to surround the selected text with <i></i> tags.
- Use the button Underscore (CTRL+U) to surround the selected text with <u></u> tags.

#### Adding a new project
Node : The dialog is displayed but the data is send over to the server for administrarors only.
- use the menu Project->New Project

#### Modifying a project's settings
Note : the preview is free but the sending fonctionnality is only available for administrators.
- ensure the preview on the right side is on a project page (not the list of projects)
- use the menu Project->Project settings

#### Adding or removing images from a project
Note : the preview is free but the sending fonctionnality is only available for administrators.
- ensure the preview on the right side is on a project page (not the list of projects)
- use the menu Project->Manage images

#### Toggle the preview dock window
- use the menu Windows->Toggle Preview

#### Toggle the log dock window
- use the menu Windows->Toggle Log


### Documentation
The documentation is generated by Doxygen based on the ./Doxygen/Doxyfile file.
<div class="warning">
**WARNING**: The dot tool from **GraphViz is needed** to display the diagrams.
</div>

Usage: 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~{.sh}
doxygen ./Doxygen/Doxyfile
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~